README.adoc, before:

= Avoid the JAR hell with Java 9 Jigsaw

* Make sure that JAVA_HOME points to a version 9 jdk. I have tested it with early access build 131.
* Build everything and run the app with `./gradlew run` .
* The output will show that 2 versions of the same module have been loaded at the same time:
----
    Loaded module 'com.greetings' from path 'hello2/build/libs/'. Will run its service(s) now:
    Greetings from version TWO!

    Loaded module 'com.greetings' from path 'hello1/build/libs/'. Will run its service(s) now:
    Greetings from version ONE!
----

== Some background

The directories hello1 and hello2 contain almost the same code with just some small modification in the run() method. It
simulates loading 2 different versions of the same module. It would be impossible to use both JARs in the same
classpath. But it is possible to work around that limitation by constructing 2 Layer instances. That is what main code in
link:src/main/java/com/app/Main.java[Main.java] is doing.

More information about Java 9 Jigsaw module system: http://openjdk.java.net/projects/jigsaw/

I have tested it with gradle 3.0. Older versions of gradle might not work out of the box.

== Continuous Integration thanks to Travis CI

Build image:https://api.travis-ci.org/torstenwerner/java-9-no-jar-hell.svg[status]
at link:https://travis-ci.org/torstenwerner/java-9-no-jar-hell[Travis CI]

Commit message:

add an explicit link to travis to README

README.adoc, after:

= Avoid the JAR hell with Java 9 Jigsaw

* Make sure that JAVA_HOME points to a version 9 jdk. I have tested it with early access build 131.
* Build everything and run the app with `./gradlew run` .
* The output will show that 2 versions of the same module have been loaded at the same time:
----
    Loaded module 'com.greetings' from path 'hello2/build/libs/'. Will run its service(s) now:
    Greetings from version TWO!

    Loaded module 'com.greetings' from path 'hello1/build/libs/'. Will run its service(s) now:
    Greetings from version ONE!
----
* You can see the output at travis-ci: https://travis-ci.org/torstenwerner/java-9-no-jar-hell

== Some background

The directories hello1 and hello2 contain almost the same code with just some small modification in the run() method. It
simulates loading 2 different versions of the same module. It would be impossible to use both JARs in the same
classpath. But it is possible to work around that limitation by constructing 2 Layer instances. That is what main code in
link:src/main/java/com/app/Main.java[Main.java] is doing.

More information about Java 9 Jigsaw module system: http://openjdk.java.net/projects/jigsaw/

I have tested it with gradle 3.0. Older versions of gradle might not work out of the box.

== Continuous Integration thanks to Travis CI

Build image:https://api.travis-ci.org/torstenwerner/java-9-no-jar-hell.svg[status]
at link:https://travis-ci.org/torstenwerner/java-9-no-jar-hell[Travis CI]
